Releases log for OIOSAML.Java
-----------------------------
Release note 21186
The following have been included in this release:
* Readded the option to support self signed certificates by setting oiosaml-sp.crl.period=0.

Release note 21169
The following have been included in this release:
* Fixed bug that prevented the component from working under JRE 1.8.
* Fixed IdP certificate check. The component is now resistant to network errors doing OCSP or CRL check. A validated certificate will remain valid for default 1 hour in case of network errors.
* Fixed OCSP failover to CRL. Previously CRL check would always override the OCSP result. Thus, if the OCSP check resulted in the certificate being revoked and the CRL was not yet updated (or cached) ... the IdP certificate would not be considered revoked.
* Changed default home dir back to /.oiosaml-<application-name> from /.oiosaml/-<application-name>

Release note, 11442
The following have been included in this release:
* Fixed issue regarding making a POST request without being logged in. After having logged in it was not possible to reproduce the POST request because the form values was gone. This fix ensures that the form values does not disappear from the original request that was stored in session.
* Disabled the resolvement of external entities when parsing XML in order to prevent XML External Entity (XXE) attacks.

Release note, 11330 
The following have been included in this release:
* Changed configuration in web.xml from using context-param to using env-entry. Thus, configuration settings can be fetched without having a reference to the ServletContext.
* Upgraded to use Bouncy Castle 1.49 instead of 1.44
* Support for JRE 1.5 has stopped. OIOSAML.Java now requires 1.6+

Release note, r11213

The following have been included in this release:
* OCSP validation
* Refactored configuration logic and new configuration
  factory allowing plugin of custom configuration.

1.1 OCSP validation

Validation of IdP certificate chain is now possible using an OCSP responder.
It's possible to configure the location of the responder or to use an access
location url specified in the IdP certificate.

1.2 Refactoring of configuration logic and new configuration factory

In order to allow a more customizable configuration, a refactoring has been
done through most of the configuration code base. A new configuration factory
allows programmers to create custom configuration classes based on the
interface located in the dk.itst.oiosaml.configuration package. The factory
pattern allows programmers to store the configuration in a file, a database,
etc. The work is based on a patch submitted by OpenMinds. Credits and
authorship is specified in the related source files.

Release note, r11147

This release contains a fix for an encoding bug in the SOAP Single Sign Out
(SSO) function causing users with language-specific characters in their names
to receive an error. Previous releases used the default character encoding of
the platform whereas the current release now uses UTF-8. In addition, a minor
update has been applied to the documentation.

Releases prior to revision 11147 are not tracked in this release log.
